Add CFML and FreeSpec. (#9)
coq-community/awesome-coq: README.md

### Frameworks

- [Fiat](https://github.com/mit-plv/fiat) - Mostly automated synthesis of correct-by-construction programs.

> - [FreeSpec](https://github.com/ANSSI-FR/FreeSpec) - Framework to modularly verify programs with effects and effect handlers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [FreeSpec](https://github.com/ANSSI-FR/FreeSpec) - Framework for modularly verifying programs with effects and effect handlers.
```

### Tools

> - [CFML](https://gitlab.inria.fr/charguer/cfml) - Tool for proving OCaml programs in Separation Logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [CFML](https://gitlab.inria.fr/charguer/cfml) - Tool for proving properties of OCaml programs in separation logic.
```
For consistency with other mentions of SL.
